hey guys welcome to playing for the Jays
august first 2013 did the day that
motorola officially unveiled the Moto X
and today I'm going to be comparing the
Moto X to the droid ultra which was a
smartphone Nabil I believe just last
week or two weeks ago so I'm going to be
comparing in terms of the specs the
features and maybe I'm even going to
touch on the availability and pricing
towards the end of the video so let's
get started with the processor the Moto
X will feature a modal motorola x8 cpu
same as the droid ultra so they both
feature the same the computing system
which actually consists of many
different things so it has a dual-core
1.7 gigahertz Snapdragon s4 pro CPU
inside along with the quad-core Adreno
320 GPU so they're pretty much the same
thing built into both the smartphones
both the smartphones will have two
gigabytes of RAM the display is where a
lot of the differences are at the Moto X
is only a 4.7 inch display whereas the
modal or droid ultra is a 5 inch AMOLED
display so they're both AMOLED
technology they're they're both coming
in at 720p resolution so that's 12 ATP
by 720 and that's a bit unfortunate
especially for the droid ultra because
that's a larger screen so you would
expect a 1080p display panel there for
resolution because that's kind of the
standard for most high-end smartphones
nowadays its 5-inch 1080p so it's kind
of unfortunate that the Moto door the
droid ultra doesn't have that the Moto X
is more of a mid-weight mid to high-end
smartphone so somewhere in between there
so the 720p is fine for that smartphone
the pixel density on the Moto X will be
316 PPI the pixel density on the droid
ultra is 294 PPI once again this goes
back to the display size four point
seven vs 5 inches the storage on the
Moto X will be available in 16 or 32gb
options 32 is exclusive to AT&T however
and the droid ultra is available in 16
gigabyte option both of these
smartphones have no microSD card slot
slot available the primary cameras
they're very similar both of these smart
phones they're both a 10 megapixel clear
pixel smart phone the Moto X actually
has an LED flash built in to it as well
I believe actually i believe the droid
ultra has that as well so they're very
identical in terms of their cameras even
the secondary camera is 2 megapixel and
they're both the primary and secondary
are able to record at 1080p full HD the
cellular radios are pretty standard what
you can expect nowadays hspa+ 42
megabits per second and there's also LTE
support there's GSM edge CDMA support as
well considering the both these devices
are available on verizon the Moto X is
also available in many different
carriers so that's what differentiates
the Moto X it's available at US Cellular
AT&T I believe sprint even so there's a
whole carrier variety that you can get
with the Moto X there they both have 80
2.11 dual band ABG and an AC Wi-Fi they
both have Bluetooth 4.0 le plus EDR
support and they have the same sense of
navigation yet they have the GPS same
sensors they both have NFC they both
have miracast wireless display support
and that's pretty much it in terms of
connectivity they don't have Wi-Fi both
of them use nano Simms as standard so
you will have to cut down or get a
completely new SIM card for your brand
new motorola smartphone the battery is a
bit different on these smartphones it's
2,200 for the Moto X and 2134 the more
at droid ultra so not that big of a
difference but it is different the
weight and the dimensions is arguably
the biggest difference between these
smartphones along with the design and
what the smartphones are going for the
weight of the droid ultra is 4.83 the
ounces or I should have angered I'm just
going to say in grams it's 137 grams for
the droid all
and 130 grand for the Moto X so the Moto
X is a bit lighter than the droid ultra
it's however a significantly thinner or
thicker than the droid ultra so the
dimensions for the Moto X is 1 29.3 by
65 point 3 x 10.4 millimeters and the
droid ultra is 130 7.5 so it's a longer
it's 71.2 it's wider and it is dinner at
seven point two millimeters so it's
significantly thinner so Ted 7.2 versus
10.4 the Moto X is significantly thicker
than the droid ultra color options and
design this is a my final point that I'm
going to touch on is the Moto X is Sigma
able that's one of their biggest selling
points especially with the modal maker
website you'll be able to customize your
engraving the login message I your
wallpaper right from the website you can
customize the back of the smartphone and
with 18 different color options you can
customize the accents you can customize
the front of the display you can make a
black or white there's all sorts of
different customization options that you
can do with the Moto X whereas the droid
ultra is only available in black and red
keep in mind that if you get the Moto X
for verizon or US cellular those
carriers or if you get the 16 or if you
get it from I believe the 16 gig before
AT&T those are only available in black
and white actually 16 gig by AT&T
anything you get for AT&T will be
customizable so it's AT&T has
exclusivity there we're not I'm not too
sure about global availability but if I
do find out I will keep you guys posted
here at play infinite anyways for more
specific information on the Moto X
including all its features and all its
specs all its details check on Mike like
standalone Moto X unveiled video which I
have up on my channel for coverage on
the Moto X maker or the moto maker
website where you'll be able to do all
you're customizing customization check
out my video that I have up on my
website anyways that's our
channel anyway that's it for this video
thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe to my twitter for a lot more
coverage on anything relating to
smartphones and let me know which
smartphone you think is better out of
these two down below in the comment
section for me its hand down I will go
over the Model X just because of its
customization the specs are very
identical for both these smartphones so
that really doesn't make a difference to
me well the dimensions are the pretty
big difference it's the Moto X is a lot
thicker but I would take the
customizability for a bit of but for a
bit larger smartphone any day anyways
that's it for this video thanks for
watching and I'll see you back soon